Paintbrush documentation updates to match the latest feature changes. (#2197)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/paintbrush/paintbrush.md

| `ed_paintBrushHardnessPercentAdjustAmount` | Controls how much the `{` and `}` hotkeys adjust the Paint Brush Hardness in percent (0 - 100). |
| `ed_paintBrushManipulatorInnerColor` | The color of the inner circle of the Paint Brush, which is used to show where the hardness falloff begins. |
| `ed_paintBrushManipulatorOuterColor` | The color of the outer circle of the Paint Brush, which shows the overall Paint Brush size and where the hardness falloff ends. |

## PaintBrushSessionBus

The PaintBrush provides an EBus that exposes high-level painting APIs for any component that supports runtime painting.

| Request Name | Description | Parameter | Return | Scriptable |
|-|-|-|-|-|
| `StartPaintSession` | Starts a runtime paint session and creates the temporary data buffers needed for modification. | PaintableEntityId: The entity that contains a paintable component.  | `Uuid`: The new paint session ID. | Yes |

> | `EndPaintSession` | End the runtime paint session for the given ID and cleans up the temporary data buffers. | sessionId: The paint session ID to end. | None | Yes |
> | `BeginBrushStroke` | Start a brush stroke for a paint session with the given brush settings for color/intensity/opacity. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |
> | `EndBrushStroke` | End a brush stroke for a paint session. | sessionId: The paint session ID. | None  | Yes |

Reviewer: Nit: For consistency, you can choose to add an -s to the end of verb or remove it for each description. There's currently no style rules on which to use, but you can reason for either of the two options: 
- Add -s to a verb with a third-person singular subject. The subject in these cases are each request name.
- Don't add -s to a verb with second-person subject. The subject is 'you' the user. 
([Source](https://www.britannica.com/dictionary/eb/qa/Inflections-When-to-Add-S-to-Regular-Verbs))

I went with option 1 to demonstrate. There are other instances in other pages, though again it's nit, and I'll leave it to your discretion to adjust. 
```suggestion
| `EndPaintSession` | Ends the runtime paint session for the given ID and cleans up the temporary data buffers. | sessionId: The paint session ID to end. | None | Yes |
| `BeginBrushStroke` | Starts a brush stroke for a paint session with the given brush settings for color/intensity/opacity. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |
| `EndBrushStroke` | Ends a brush stroke for a paint session. | sessionId: The paint session ID. | None  | Yes |
```

| `IsInBrushStroke` | Returns whether or not a paint session is currently in the middle of a brush stroke. | sessionId: The paint session ID. | `bool`: True if a brush stroke has been started, false if not.  | Yes |

> | `ResetBrushStrokeTracking` | Reset the brush tracking so that the next action will be considered the start of a stroke movement instead of a continuation. | sessionId: The paint session ID. | None  | Yes |
> | `PaintToLocation` | Apply a paint color to the underlying data from the previous location to the provided location using the given brush settings. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushCenter: The location to move the center of the brush to, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |
> | `SmoothToLocation` | Smooth the underlying data from the previous location to the provided location using the given brush settings. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushCenter: The location to move the center of the brush to, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ResetBrushStrokeTracking` | Resets the brush tracking so that the next action will be considered the start of a stroke movement instead of a continuation. | sessionId: The paint session ID. | None  | Yes |
| `PaintToLocation` | Applies a paint color to the underlying data from the previous location to the provided location using the given brush settings. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushCenter: The location to move the center of the brush to, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |
| `SmoothToLocation` | Smooths the underlying data from the previous location to the provided location using the given brush settings. | sessionId: The paint session ID, brushCenter: The location to move the center of the brush to, brushSettings: The paint brush settings for this brush stroke. | None  | Yes |
```
